Long, non-understandable sentence:

55	Today , the pixie-like clarinetist has mostly dropped the missionary work ( though a touch of the old Tashi still survives ) and now goes on the road with piano , bass , a slide show , and a repertoire that ranges from light classical to light jazz to light pop , with a few notable exceptions .

Fuzzy alignment

Discontinuous alignment:

6251	Mr. Roberti concedes that since the $ 750 million takeover , `` sales growth has n't been dramatic . ''
Q: What does Mr. Roberti concede ? 
A: Since the $750 takeover, sales growth hasn’t been dramatic.
(quotation marks are skipped)

7439	The main reason for this lag is that individual investors own 65 % of the OTC market 's capitalization , according to Mr. Hardiman , much more than on the Big Board .
Q: What is the main reason for this lag ?
A: Individual investors own 65 % of the OTC market 's capitalization , much more than on the Big Board

Overlapping question and answer:

Clauses are difficult:
2084	The announcement follows several comments by government officials that the government will speed up the repeal of the tax , which was originally scheduled to fall with the start of the single internal market in the European Community at the end of 1992 .

Unnatural question-answer:
Q: What was in the European Community ?
A: The single internal market. 

5-6 minutes per sentence

look at #word vs #questions

Very easy to make attachment errors:
2942	Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that investors simply must get used to the stock-market volatility from program trading have drawn criticism from both the exchange 's stock specialists , who make markets in individual stocks , and from many companies that have shares listed on the Big Board .
Q: What must investors get used to ?
A: The stock-market volatility from program trading …

Can not handle conjunction such as “but”

Content is important … as for me, labeling computer related sentences is far easier than financial related ones.
 
Difficult PP Phrase:
4532	In Japan , about 1 % are linked .

Natural sequence of a list of questions:
9729	The Hibor contract `` solves quite a bit of the problem of interest-rate risk in the interbank market , '' says Eric Cheng , a director of James Capel ( Far East ) Ltd. , the Hong Kong arm of the British brokerage firm .
Who says that ? ### Eric Cheng .
Who is Eric Cheng ? ### A director of James Capel ( Far East ) Ltd. .
What is James Capel ( Far East ) Ltd. ? ### The Hong Kong arm of the British brokerage firm .


Active learning idea - Short sentences can be marked more carefully. Then we can use what we have learned in short sentences to accelerate annotation of long ones .

Compute “Coverage” of the QAs

How to match verbs ? Stemmer ?

Not very good at nesting NPs. 

Very hard cases:
4099	GATT membership will not matter to Donbas coal miners short of soap , nor will a START treaty make any difference to Ukrainian nationalists .7580	Without P&G 's backing , Noxell might not have been able to spend the estimated $ 5 million to $ 7 million needed to accomplish that without scrimping on its existing brands .

Nested phrases are particularly hard:
how to ask about : scrimping on its existing brands

Need to standardize : long vs. short answers

