1	"The economy 's temperature will be taken from several vantage points this week , with readings on trade , output , housing and inflation ."										[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer		will be taken	What	will		be taken					The economy 's temperature		will be taken	Where	will	something	be taken		from			several vantage points		will be taken	When	will	something	be taken					this week		2	The most troublesome report may be the August merchandise trade deficit due out tomorrow .										[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer		may be	What	could		be	something				the August merchandise trade deficit due out tomorrow		3	"The trade gap is expected to widen to about $ 9 billion from July 's $ 7.6 billion , according to a survey by MMS International , a unit of McGraw - Hill Inc. , New York ."										[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer		is expected	What	is		expected		to	do something		The trade gap	*	is expected	What	is	something	expected		to	do something		widen	*	widen	What	could		widen					The trade gap		widen	What	could	something	widen		to			9 billion		widen	What	could	something	widen		from			7.6 billion		according	What	is	something	according		to			a survey by MMS International		according	What	is		according		to	something		The trade gap is expected to widen		4	"Thursday 's report on the September consumer price index is expected to rise , although not as sharply as the 0.9 % gain reported Friday in the producer price index ."										[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer		is expected	What	is	something	expected					rise	What is something expected to do	is expected	What	is		expected		to	do something		Thursday 's report on the September consumer price index		rise	What	could		rise					Thursday 's report on the September consumer price index		rise	How	wo n't	something	rise					as sharply as the 0.9 % gain reported Friday	*	reported	What	was		reported					the 0.9 % gain		reported	When	was	something	reported					the producer price index		reported	Where	was	something	reported					the producer price index		5	"That gain was being cited as a reason the stock market was down early in Friday 's session , before it got started on its reckless 190 - point plunge ."										[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer		cited	What	was		cited					That gain		cited	What	was	something	cited		as			a reason the stock market was down		started	What			started					it		started	What	did	something	start		on			its reckless 190 - point plunge		6	"Economists are divided as to how much manufacturing strength they expect to see in September reports on industrial production and capacity utilization , also due tomorrow ."										[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer		are divided	Who	is		divided					Economists		are divided	What	are	something	divided		on			how much manufacturing strength they expect to see		*manufacturing	What	is		manufactured							expect	Who			expects	something				Economists		expect	What	does	something	expect		to			see	What does something expect to do	see	Who	will		see	something				Economists		see	What	will	someone	see					reports on industrial production and capacity utilization		see	When	will	someone	see	something				September		7	"Meanwhile , September housing starts , due Wednesday , are thought to have inched upward ."										[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer		are thought	What	are		thought		to	do something		September housing starts		are thought	What	are	something	thought					inched upward	What are something thought to do	have inched	Where	has	something	inched					upward		have inched	What	has		inched					September housing starts	What has inched somewhere	8	"`` There 's a possibility of a surprise '' in the trade report , said Michael Englund , director of research at MMS ."										[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer		said	Who			said	something				Michael Englund		said	What	did	someone	say					There 's a possibility of a surprise		9	"A widening of the deficit , if it were combined with a stubbornly strong dollar , would exacerbate trade problems -- but the dollar weakened Friday as stocks plummeted ."										[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer		were combined	What	is	something	combined		with			it		were combined	What	is		combined		with	something		a stubbornly strong dollar		would exacerbate	What	would		exacerbate			something		A widening of the deficit		would exacerbate	What	would	something	exacerbate					trade problems		weakened	What			weakened					the dollar		weakened	When	did	something	weaken					Friday		plummeted	What			plummeted					stocks		plummeted	When	did	something	plummeted					Friday		10	"In any event , Mr. Englund and many others say that the easy gains in narrowing the trade gap have already been made ."										[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer		say	Who			says	something				Mr. Englund and many others		say	What	does	someone	say					the easy gains in narrowing the trade gap		narrowing	What	was		narrowed					the trade gap		made	What	was		made					the easy gains in narrowing the trade gap		