1	"The economy 's temperature will be taken from several vantage points this week , with readings on trade , output , housing and inflation ."								
[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer
will be taken	What	will		be taken		from	something	?	The economy 's temperature
will be taken	What	will		be taken		from	something	?	Temperature
will be taken	How	will	something	be taken				?	From several vantage points
will be taken	When	will	something	be taken				?	This week
2	The most troublesome report may be the August merchandise trade deficit due out tomorrow .								
[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer
may be	What	may		be	something			?	The most troublesome report
may be	What	may		be	something			?	the August merchandise trade deficit
3	"The trade gap is expected to widen to about $ 9 billion from July 's $ 7.6 billion , according to a survey by MMS International , a unit of McGraw - Hill Inc. , New York ."								
[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer
is expected	What			is expected				?	The trade gap
is expected	How	is	something	expected				?	To widen
widen	What	will		widen				?	The trade gap
widen	What	will	something	widen		from		?	$ 7.6 billion
widen	What	will	something	widen		to		?	$ 9 billion
according	What	is	something	according		to		?	A survey
4	"Thursday 's report on the September consumer price index is expected to rise , although not as sharply as the 0.9 % gain reported Friday in the producer price index ."								
[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer
is expected	What	is		expected				?	report
is expected	How	is	something	expected				?	to rise
rise	What	would		rise				?	report
reported	What	is		reported				?	gain
reported	When	is	something	reported				?	Friday
reported	Where	is	something	reported				?	in the producer price index
5	"That gain was being cited as a reason the stock market was down early in Friday 's session , before it got started on its reckless 190 - point plunge ."								
[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer
was being cited	What	was		being cited				?	That gain
was being cited	How	was	something	being cited				?	As a reason the stock market was down
was	What			was		down		?	The stock market
was	When			was	something	down		?	early in Friday 's session
was	When			was	something	down		?	before it got started on its reckless 190 - point plunge
got started	What			got started				?	The stock market
got started	Where	did	something	get started				?	on its reckless 190 - point plunge
6	"Economists are divided as to how much manufacturing strength they expect to see in September reports on industrial production and capacity utilization , also due tomorrow ."								
[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer
are divided	Who	are		divided				?	Economists
are divided	Why	are	someone	divided				?	as to how much manufacturing strength
expect	Who			expects				?	Economists
expect	What	does	someone	expect				?	To see
see	Where	would	someone	see	something			?	In September reports
see	When	would	someone	see	something			?	September
7	"Meanwhile , September housing starts , due Wednesday , are thought to have inched upward ."								
[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer
are thought	What	are		thought		to	do something	?	September housing starts
are thought	How	are	something	thought		about		?	to have inched upward
have inched	What	have		inched				?	September housing starts
have inched	How	have	something	inched				?	upward
8	"`` There 's a possibility of a surprise '' in the trade report , said Michael Englund , director of research at MMS ."								
[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer
said	Who			said	something			?	Michael Englund
said	What	did	someone	say				?	There 's a possibility of a surprise
said	How	did	someone	say	something			?	in the trade report
9	"A widening of the deficit , if it were combined with a stubbornly strong dollar , would exacerbate trade problems -- but the dollar weakened Friday as stocks plummeted ."								
[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer
were combined	What	were		combined				?	A widening of the deficit
were combined	What	were	something	combined		with		?	a stubbornly strong dollar
would exacerbate	What	would		exacerbate	something			?	A widening of the deficit
would exacerbate	What	would	something	exacerbate				?	Trade problems
weakened	What			weakened				?	The dollar
weakened	When	did	something	weaken				?	Friday
plummeted	What			plummeted				?	Stocks
plummeted	When	did	something	plummet				?	Friday
10	"In any event , Mr. Englund and many others say that the easy gains in narrowing the trade gap have already been made ."								
[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer
have already been made	What	have		been made				?	Gains
say	Who			said	something			?	Mr. Englund and many others
say	What	did	someone	say				?	that the easy gains in narrowing the trade gap have already been made
say	Where	did	someone	say	something			?	In any event
narrowing	What	is		being narrowed				?	The trade gap
11	"`` Trade is definitely going to be more politically sensitive over the next six or seven months as improvement begins to slow , '' he said ."								
[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer
is definitely going to be	What	is		going to be				?	Trade
is definitely going to be	How	is	something	going to be	something			?	More politically sensitive
is definitely going to be	When	is	something	going to be	something			?	over the next six or seven months
is definitely going to be	Why	is	something	going to be	something			?	As improvement begins to slow
begins	What			begins		to	do something	?	Improvement
begins	What	does	something	begin		to	do	?	Slow
slow	What	would		slow				?	Improvement
said	Who			said	something			?	He
said	What	did	someone	say				?	Trade is definitely going to be more politically sensitive over the next six or seven months as improvement begins to slow
12	"Exports are thought to have risen strongly in August , but probably not enough to offset the jump in imports , economists said ."								
[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer
are thought	What	are		thought		to	have done something	?	Exports
are thought	What	are	something	thought		to	have done	?	Risen
have risen	What	have		risen				?	Exports
have risen	When	have	something	risen				?	August
have risen	How	have	something	risen				?	Strongly
offset	What	would		offset	something			?	Exports
offset	What	would	something	offset				?	The jump in imports
said	Who			said	something			?	Economists
said	What	did	someone	say				?	"Exports are thought to have risen strongly in August , but probably not enough to offset the jump in imports"
13	Views on manufacturing strength are split between economists who read September 's low level of factory job growth as a sign of a slowdown and those who use the somewhat more comforting total employment figures in their calculations .								
[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer
are split	What	are		split				?	Views
are split	How	are	something	split				?	between economists who read September 's low level of factory job growth as a sign of a slowdown and those who use the somewhat more comforting total employment figures in their calculations
read	Who			read	something			?	Economists
read	What	did	someone	read				?	September 's low level of factory job growth
read	How	did	someone	read	something			?	As a sign of a slowdown
use	Who			used	something			?	Those
use	What	did	someone	used				?	Total employment figures
use	Where	did	someone	use	something				In their calculations
comforting	What	is		comforting				?	Total employment figures
14	"The wide range of estimates for the industrial output number underscores the differences : The forecasts run from a drop of 0.5 % to an increase of 0.4 % , according to MMS ."								
[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer
underscores	What			underscores	something			?	The wide range of estimates
underscores	What	does	something	underscore				?	The differences
run	What			run				?	The forecasts
run	What	did	something	run		from		?	a drop of 0.5 %
run	What	did	something	run		to		?	an increase of 0.4 %
according	Who	was	something	according		to		?	MMS
15	"A rebound in energy prices , which helped push up the producer price index , is expected to do the same in the consumer price report ."								
[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer
is expected	What	is		expected		to	do something	?	A rebound in energy prices
is expected	What	is	something	expected				?	to do the same in the consumer price report
helped	What			helped	something			?	A rebound in energy prices
helped	What	did	something	help				?	push up the producer price index
push	What	would		push		up	something	?	A rebound in energy prices
push	What	did	something	push		up		?	The producer price index
16	The consensus view expects a 0.4 % increase in the September CPI after a flat reading in August .								
[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer
expects	What			expects	something			?	The consensus view
expects	What	does	something	expect				?	a 0.4 % increase
17	"Robert H. Chandross , an economist for Lloyd 's Bank in New York , is among those expecting a more moderate gain in the CPI than in prices at the producer level ."								
[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer
expecting	Who	is		expecting	something			?	Robert H. Chandross
expecting	What	is	someone	expecting				?	A more moderate gain
18	"`` Auto prices had a big effect in the PPI , and at the CPI level they wo n't , '' he said ."								
[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer
had	What			had	something			?	Auto prices
had	What	did	something	have				?	a big effect in the PPI
said	Who			said	something			?	He
said	What	did	someone	say				?	"Auto prices had a big effect in the PPI , and at the CPI level they wo n't"
