1	"The economy 's temperature will be taken from several vantage points this week , with readings on trade , output , housing and inflation ."									[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer	will be taken	What	will		be taken					The economy 's temperature	will be taken	How	will	something	be taken		from			several vantage points	will be taken	When	will	something	be taken					this week	2	The most troublesome report may be the August merchandise trade deficit due out tomorrow .									[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer	may be	What	could	something	be					The most troublesome report	may be	What	could	be	something					the August merchandise trade deficit	due	What	is		due		out			the August merchandise trade deficit	due	When	is	something	due		out			tomorrow	3	"The trade gap is expected to widen to about $ 9 billion from July 's $ 7.6 billion , according to a survey by MMS International , a unit of McGraw - Hill Inc. , New York ."									[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer	is expected	What			is expected		to	do something		The trade gap	is expected	What	is	something	expected		to	do		widen to about $ 9 billion from July 's $ 7.6 billion	is expected	According to who	is	something	expected					"a survey by MMS International , a unit of McGraw - Hill Inc. , New York ."	widen	What	would		widen					The trade gap	widen	What	would	something	widen		from			July 's $ 7.6 billion	widen	What	would	something	widen		to			about $ 9 billion	according	Who			claimed	something				"a survery by MMS International, a unit of MuGraw - Hill. , New York"	according	What	was		claimed					The trade gap is expected to widen to about $ 9 billion from July 's $ 7.6 billion	4	"Thursday 's report on the September consumer price index is expected to rise , although not as sharply as the 0.9 % gain reported Friday in the producer price index ."									[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer	is expected	What	is		expected		to	do something		the September consumer price index	is expected	What	is	something	expected		to	do		rise	rise	What	would		rise					the September consumer price index	reported	What	was		reported					a 0.9 % gain in the producer price index	reported	When	was	something	reported					Friday	5	"That gain was being cited as a reason the stock market was down early in Friday 's session , before it got started on its reckless 190 - point plunge ."									[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer	cited	What	was		cited		as	something		The gain	cited	What	was	something	cited		as			a reason the stock market was down early in Friday 's session	started	What			started	something				the stock market	started	What	did	something	start		on			its reckless 190 - point plunge	6	"Economists are divided as to how much manufacturing strength they expect to see in September reports on industrial production and capacity utilization , also due tomorrow ."									[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer	are divided	Who	is		divided					Economists	are divided	What	are	they	divided		about			how much manufacturing strength they expect to see in September reports on industrial production and capacity utilization								expect	Who			expects	something				Economists	expect	What	does	someone	expect					to see something	see	Who	will		see	something				Economists	see	What	will	someone	see					manufacturing strength	see	Where	will	someone	see	something				in September reports on industrial production and capacity utilization	7	"Meanwhile , September housing starts , due Wednesday , are thought to have inched upward ."									[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer	are thought	What	is		thought		to	do something		September housing starts	are thought	What	is	something	thought		to have	done		inched upward	have inched	What	could		have inched		upward			September housing starts	have inched	Where	could	something	have inched					upward	8	"`` There 's a possibility of a surprise '' in the trade report , said Michael Englund , director of research at MMS ."									[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer	said	Who			said	something				Michael Englund	said	What	did	someone	say					`` There 's a possibility of a surprise '' in the trade report	9	"A widening of the deficit , if it were combined with a stubbornly strong dollar , would exacerbate trade problems -- but the dollar weakened Friday as stocks plummeted ."									[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer	were combined	What	could		combine		with	something		A widening of the deficit	were combined	What	could	something	combine		with			a stubbornly strong dollar	would exacerbate	What	would		exacerbate	something				"A widening of the deficit , if it were combined with a stubbornly strong dollar ,"	would exacerbate	What	would	something	exacerbate					trade problems	weakened	What			weakened					the dollar	weakened	When	did	something	weaken					Friday	weakened	What	did	something	weaken		as			stocks plummeted	***plummeted	What			plummeted					stocks	10	"In any event , Mr. Englund and many others say that the easy gains in narrowing the trade gap have already been made ."									[Propositions]	Wh-word	Aux verb	AE1	Main verb	AE2	PP	AE3	?	Answer									say	Who			says	something				Mr. Englund and many others	say	What	does	someone	says					that the easy gains in narrowing the trade gap have already been made	narrowing	What	is		narrowed					the trade gap	made	What	has been		made					The easy gains in narrowing the trade gap																																																																							